Description of Various Wylib Component Modules

button - Button
Uniform button creator for use in various other components.

app - Application
Very most top-level component.  Contains the entire application.  An application contains
a connection manager, a main menu and any number of context tabs.  Each tab gives the user
a particular launch point into the database.  These are usually a preview (dbp) of a
database view.

connect - Connection Manager
Used exclusively inside an app to display connection status with the backend.

launch - Preview Launcher
Allows the user to open one or more dbp windows in the current app viewport.

pop - Popup Top
Modules expect to exist under a toplevel module such as "app" described above.  Reports
have the ability to create iframes and separate browser windows which themselves can
contain other wylib modules.  The pop module is a very stripped down toplevel handler
that can take the place of app for simple windows that are really part of the main app
but need a holding spot to contain wylib modules.

dbp - Database Preview
This displays a list of database records that can be sorted, selected and edited.

mlb - Multi List Box
This displays a list of data items.  It forms the core of the dbp modules but is not 
itself database aware.

dbs - Database Search
Allows the user to create complex database queries.  Typically launched from a dbp
module to describe the records the user wants to preview.

logitem - Logic Item
loglist - Logic List
These are used inside the dbs component to represent portions of the query.  They are
not themselves database aware.

dbe - Database Editor
Displays a single database record, offering the user the option to modify, delete, or
add new records.  This is a launch point for certain reports and actions which, when
activated, are expected to act upon or in conjuction with the record currently loaded
in the dbe.

mdew - Multi Data Editor Widget
This holds an array of dews and forms the core of the dbe module but is not itself
database aware.

dew - Data Editingn Widget
This consists of a title and a data editor of a particular type.  It is meant to allow
the user to view and/or modify the data contained in a single variable or database
cell (column and row).  It is invoked once by mdew for each item in its array but it
is also used by other modules where the user is expected to input data.

win - Window
Creates a frame that can hold other widgets.  The window can be moved around the 
viewport and resized.  It has certain abilities to store its geometry and the
configuration of widgets it contains and their progeny.

menudock - Menu Dock
Meant to be used inside the win component.  Presents a single hamburger menu as well
as a number of shortcut buttons.

User Interactions:
There are several components used for accepting choices or displaying custom data for
the user.  These are typically used in conjunction with some kind of container 
component (win or modal).

menu - Menu
Displays a tabular set of pre-defined choices such as you would see in a typical
application menu.  When the user clicks on one of the rows, this signals a choice
of that item.  Rows can employ a variety of data types such as inputs, buttons,
colors, in addition to simple static menu items.  This is typically contained
inside a win component with a minimal border and which allows the menu to be
pinned (kept open even after the user makes a selection).

scm - Scrolled Menu
Similar to a regular menu except it is meant for longer sets of choices--typically
as might be drawn from the database.  In addition to simply looking through
available choices, the user can search to narrow down available choices.  When
the user executes a line, this indicates his choice and the containing window
would normally close (unless it is pinned).

calc - Calculator
Allows the user to perform math computations to arrive at an answer to a query.
Typically used as a special popup for a dew.

dialog - Independent Dialog
The dialog displays a message to the user, typically to ask for some data or set
of data to be input.  The data is collected in an mdew, an array of individual
data editing widgets.  This is sometimes contained inside a win component which
automatically closes once the user has input the requested data.  It can also be
contained inside a modal which means the user will be blocked from performing
other UI interactions inside the same toplevel window until the dialog has been
completed.

modal - Modal Container
This is the frame that blanks out its toplevel window and all its progeny.  It
is typically used to contain a dialog widget which can force the user to
address its query before proceeding to use other program features.

report - Report
This can be contained inside a win or a pop (which is inside a separate popup
browser window).  It can contain any arbitrary component or report the backend
might be configured to provide.

Custom Data Widgets:

strdoc - Structured Document
Used to create any hierarchical document that can be represented in JSON format.

svgraph - Scalable Vector Graph
Contains a programmable vector image, typically used to visualize a graph dataset.

svnode - Graph Node
Renders a node in a graph database inside an svgraph component.

svedge - Graph Edge
Renders an edge (connection) in a graph database inside an svgraph component.

trans - Transaction Editor
Allows the user to view/modify an accounting entry.
