MDEW: Multiple Data Editing Widget	Modified: Nov 2005

The mdew gigawidget presents a collection of dew widgets in a frame where
their contents can be viewed and modified.  When used under the dbe widget,
it is used to edit database records but when used alone, it can allow the
user to edit any set of data fields that go together somehow.

Each data field in the mdew is identified by a tag.

The mdew generally consists of a container frame, and one or more inner 
frames that contain dew's to display the data fields.
You should be able to use any geometry manager (pack, place or grid) to locate
the dew's within the frame.  The default behavior is to use grid.

External Procedures:
------------------------------------------
mdew::mdew {w args}		Creates a new mdew widget
    All arguments not among those enumerated below are passed along to the
    creation of a frame to contain the mdew.  If the frame already exists, the
    program will attempt to configure it and use it.

Args:
    w:	The name of the new widget to create
    
Shortcuts:	none

Switches:
    
    -focus	Specify tag of a field to focus on after doing a clear.
    
    -initialize	Specify a set of initial values to set into the entry
        widgets each time it is cleared.
    
    -subframe	Specify the name of a sub-frame to hold a subset of the
        dew widgets.

Widget Command {widget_name command args}:
------------------------------------------
If the command argument is other than what is enumerated below, the command
is checked to see if it is the name of a dew field.  If so, the arguments
are passed down to the dew for that field.  Otherwise, the arguments are
passed to the underlying frame widget.

Command:
    w		Return the name of the widget.

    get		Return the contents of the dew widgets (or a set of
        fields you may specify).
    
    set		Set the values of the dew widgets from an array (or
        multiple fields you specify with tag-value pairs).
    
    frame	These arguments are passed onto the underlying frame.
    
    field	Specify a field tag, and the arguments that follow it
        are passed down to the underlying dew for that tag.
    
    tags	Returns the tag names of the dews in the mdew.
    
    initialize	Clear all the dew's to their default values.
    
    modified	Return status to tell if the fields have been modified
        since their last reset.
